.TH OAUTH4OS-DEMO 1 "April 2026" "v0.5.0" "oauth4os CLI"
.SH NAME
oauth4os-demo \- interactive CLI for oauth4os proxy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B oauth4os-demo
.I command
.RI [ arguments ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
CLI client for the oauth4os OAuth 2.0 proxy for OpenSearch.
Authenticates via client credentials, caches tokens, and provides
search, monitoring, and management commands.
.PP
When stdout is piped, outputs raw JSON instead of colored text.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B login
Authenticate and cache token.
.TP
.B logout
Clear cached token.
.TP
.B search \fIquery\fR
Search logs using KQL syntax.
.TP
.B sql \fIquery\fR
Run SQL query against OpenSearch.
.TP
.B tail \fR[\fIservice\fR]
Live tail \- poll every 2s, show new entries.
.TP
.B watch \fIquery\fR
Alert on new KQL matches (poll every 5s).
.TP
.B dashboard
Live terminal dashboard (htop for logs).
.TP
.B stats
Error counts, latency, top errors by service.
.TP
.B services
List indexed services.
.TP
.B indices
List OpenSearch indices.
.TP
.B export \fIquery\fR \fB-f\fR csv|json \fB-o\fR \fIfile\fR
Export search results to file.
.TP
.B history
Show last 50 queries.
.TP
.B bookmark \fIaction\fR [\fIname\fR] [\fIquery\fR]
Manage query bookmarks. Actions: save, run, delete, list.
.TP
.B config \fIaction\fR [\fIkey\fR] [\fIvalue\fR]
Manage settings. Actions: show, set, get, reset. Keys: proxy, index, format.
.TP
.B alias \fIaction\fR [\fIname\fR] [\fIcommand\fR]
Manage command aliases. Actions: add, rm, run, list.
.TP
.B completion \fIshell\fR
Generate shell completions (bash, zsh).
.TP
.B diff \fIrange1\fR \fIrange2\fR
Compare two time ranges (today, yesterday, 1h, 24h, 7d).
.TP
.B profile
Show formatted token claims, scopes, and expiry countdown.
.TP
.B top
Real-time top consumers view (requests, clients, scopes). Press q to quit.
.TP
.B env
Show config, file paths, dependency versions, and proxy connectivity.
.TP
.B audit \fI[n]\fR
Show last n admin audit events (default 20).
.TP
.B alerts
Show alert status derived from proxy metrics.
.TP
.B latency
Show upstream latency, throughput, and error rate.
.TP
.B install-man
Install man page to /usr/local/share/man/man1/.
.TP
.B register \fIname\fR [\fIscopes\fR]
Register a new OAuth client. Shows client_id and secret.
.TP
.B refresh
Refresh access token using saved refresh token.
.TP
.B revoke [\fItoken\fR]
Revoke current or specified token.
.TP
.B clients
List all registered OAuth clients.
.TP
.B tokens
List active tokens with client, expiry, and scopes.
.TP
.B keys
Show JWKS public keys (kid, algorithm, usage).
.TP
.B sessions
List active sessions.
.TP
.B tutorial
Open the interactive tutorial in browser.
.TP
.B token
Show current token info.
.TP
.B whoami
Decode and display JWT claims.
.TP
.B status
Check proxy health.
.SH KQL SYNTAX
.TP
.B field:value
Exact match (e.g., service:payment)
.TP
.B field:>N
Range query (also <, >=, <=)
.TP
.B field:val*
Wildcard match
.TP
.B term1 AND term2
Both must match
.TP
.B term1 OR term2
Either matches
.TP
.B NOT term
Exclude matches
.SH PIPE SUPPORT
When stdout is not a terminal, search and sql output raw JSON:
.PP
.nf
oauth4os-demo search 'level:ERROR' | jq '.[] | .service'
oauth4os-demo search 'service:payment' | jq length
.fi
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B OAUTH4OS_PROXY
Proxy URL (default: https://f5cmk2hxwx.us-west-2.awsapprunner.com)
.TP
.B OAUTH4OS_INDEX
Default search index (default: logs-*)
.TP
.B OAUTH4OS_FORMAT
Output format (default: text)
.TP
.B WATCH_INTERVAL
Seconds between watch polls (default: 5)
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.oauth4os/config
Persistent configuration
.TP
.I ~/.oauth4os/token
Cached access token
.TP
.I ~/.oauth4os-history
Query history (last 50)
.TP
.I ~/.oauth4os-bookmarks
Saved query bookmarks
.TP
.I ~/.oauth4os/aliases
Command aliases
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
oauth4os-demo login
oauth4os-demo search 'level:ERROR'
oauth4os-demo search 'service:payment AND latency_ms:>500'
oauth4os-demo tail auth
oauth4os-demo watch 'level:FATAL'
oauth4os-demo diff today yesterday
oauth4os-demo top
oauth4os-demo profile
oauth4os-demo alerts
oauth4os-demo latency
oauth4os-demo audit 50
oauth4os-demo env
oauth4os-demo export 'level:ERROR' -f csv -o errors.csv
oauth4os-demo sql 'SELECT service, count(*) FROM logs-demo GROUP BY service'
oauth4os-demo bookmark save errors 'level:ERROR'
oauth4os-demo alias add slow 'latency_ms:>1000'
oauth4os-demo search 'level:ERROR' | jq '.[] | .service' | sort -u
sudo oauth4os-demo install-man
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR jq (1),
.BR curl (1)
.SH AUTHORS
oauth4os contributors \- https://github.com/seraphjiang/oauth4os
